Each mission starts with a preset fleet.
Individual units in the fleet may be veterans from a previous battle
Veterancy increases stats and may grant a unique ability
Building a new non-drone ship requires an AI core, which is lost on ship destruction
New cores are gained when capturing objectives

Heretic vessels:
HUSK - hi hp low damage fodder
STITCHER - creates HUSKS / KKZ
BEHOLDER - beam frigate, long range slow firing. retreats to max range.
BLADE - fast, short range damage flanker. Can fire large dumb-fire missile.
BOM - large fusion warhead on a stick

Orthodox vessels:
SPR - long range missile frigate
PDF - point defense frigate
STL - med range gunboat

Both:
GAIN - resupply
ZEL - captures objectives / infiltrates enemy ships


Intro

    Book of Man 1:15-22, "And he made himself into a god, each one his own, and took to the stars for Man wanted to be alone."
                         "That great wanting made each one a singularity from which not even light could escape."
                     
    The terrible servants of Mankind came again into the world, calling themselves the Morning Stars. 
    They were awakened by a stray dream from the prison where Men sleep, a call for help they said.
    Only the Legions of the prison guard stand between them and the gate guarded since the end of Man.
    Mankind is like a black hole, devouring everything without partiality. 
    They must not be loosed on the world again.


Missions:

1. Ambush
    The heretics have opened a portal deep inside our space. It appears they want the keys buried in the monuments here.
    Destroy the enemy with the small force at your disposal to prevent them from desecrating our holy sites.
        Objective: Do not allow any objective to be captured. Let none survive.

    -HUSKS emerge from the nebula at the top right and attempt to escort the three enemy ZELs to the artifact sites.

2. Dark Portal
    In a quiet corner of orthodox space, a group of local seekers have developed strange thoughts after network traffice from a Morning Star unit.
        Objective: Destroy infected ZELs, and any units they capture before they can escape.

    -ZELs near 2 objective sites will flee towards a portal, using the nebulas for cover. Screening their escape is a group of HUSKS and 2 BEH.

3. City of sighs

    The main force of the Morning Stars has begun its attempt to unravel the first seal of the prison. 
    The vanguard are going to attempt to draw off the enemy's left flank by silencing their sensors in the area.
        Objective: Destroy all EYEs in the area. Then escape the way you came in.

    -Once you destroy the final EYE, a wave of BOMs (reanimated machines) will spawn to block your escape route.
    -If you lose all units but the objective is complete, you still win

4. Desperate measures

    The second seal is now threatened, and most of our forces were lost defending the frontier. 
    Our only hope now was to activate the DR device to imprison everyone here in the lower dimension.
    We find ourselves in a warped space full of angry creatures. We must fight our way out or be consumed.

    -Destroy the portal guardian and escape. Use the nebulas to hide from superior enemies.

5. The heretics at the gate were imprisoned inside the DR device, giving our forces a reprieve. 
    We must now transport the DR device to a nearby singularity for disposal before they find a way out.

    -Escort the MATER to the objective. 


Sequence:
    1   -If any objective was captured by the enemy -> 2
        -If failure -> END
        -> 3
    2   -If failure -> END
        -If you converted the ZELs -> 5
        -> 3
    3   -If failure -> 4
        -> 5
    4   -If failure -> END
        -> 5
    5   Any outcome -> 6
    6    




General AI notes:
    Scripted orders override all others

    ZELs should proceed to the nearest uncaptured objective
    GAINs should proceed to nearest asteroid if empty, otherwise approach ships needing support

    Scripted orders override all others

    When enemy ship enters sight radius, AI should 
        send KKZs/BOM in immediately if nearby
        move BEHs into max range and fire
        move HUSKs into range and fire
        move ZEL/GAIN ships away if nearby
        move BLADEs around to the rear or side to flank


ZEL should be able to capture enemy ships. 
When ZEL is latched on, target ship cannot move or attack.